what's up with people zero tv with one
new video to destiny the inferno mode
has been since tuesday since yesterday
active again and that means we can
go into the pvp mode and people
smack away without radar to the left that is
definitely a very good game experience
but of course you realize many have
do not bother on pvp and then just there
where most people think that you are there
Continue with shotguns so pumpguns
runs around and sits in the corners and
Unrat because you do not see the people that
that can be very annoying
that's why bungie wants to go there
Bit against stone and make a new one
event and you can the guardians
defeat of destiny in pvp and at this
Get the exclusive banner
one of bungie only if you have something
has done special and if you are here
at these events, the whole participates
event will be in america on april 1st
37 in the evening take place in Germany
that would be the second april at 4 o'clock
30 in the morning so 4 o'clock in the morning
The whole thing starts then two
hours now some wonder how
I recognize these people because of that
we show you the four people here
be on the pvp from this time on the road
and you have to defeat them
for example, to get special excavators
My name is Fink you know
maybe he has about 100,000
subscribers on youtube in america so
pretty interesting guy and yes there
Some will think now or that
you do not meet anyway I have
do not mind it a general pvp it
boring then you should ever do that
Check-in because exactly two weeks ago
I have them at exactly the same time
met together the railroader
a little grip definitely has
pretty fun and yes here
you definitely that you are these people
can meet
and I would probably be in
been an opposing team and it would be
I would have had this time now
fucking exclusive banner ok should not
and that's why we are from
ctv participate in this event if you
then you are also online
maybe we can six to six
So teams still do
Four people can join our team
then we look for this group around us
exclusive to Amazon if you like it
have you write your gamertags in the
comments and tell me that
event takes place on the playstation 4
So again very clear ps4 event in the pvp
inferno conflict on the second fourth order
4:30 to 6:30 in the morning we hope
Of course you are there if this
video informative was like one
thumb up there to support us
and hopefully we'll take a look around
430 online that we have these tools for the
use banner away until the next video
people bye